malnutrition plays a major role in the
number of children that come to us and
thus in the number of deaths there are
when a child is supposed to eat three
meals a day and ends up eating one meal
that's not enough for them your body
becomes deficient in carbohydrates
vitamins proteins and deficient in fats
that are necessary for the body then the
body goes into a severe dehydration
State I can honestly say that we can't
even deal properly with 50 to 60% of the
cases we receive because we have nothing
to give them the most we can do for them
is either give them saline solution or
sugar
solution all of this is happening due to
the lack of food when a child's supposed
to eat three meals a day and only eats
one they obviously suffer from
malnutrition and all of the diseases
that come because of it and if the rate
of infection goes up he or she might get
a lung infection or a blood infection
we received a case from Al sahaba
medical complex that needed a device
that we barely managed to get she also
needed an incubator but we couldn't
manage to get that so we had to put her
in with another child she also needs a
device to monitor her heart and lungs
this case basically took everything we
had if another case comes in that
requires the same devices we won't be
able to do anything for them the devices
we have are not working we are now in
the neonatal Intensive Care Unit but the
situation is the same with the Intensive
Care
[Music]
Department my message is an appeal to
the entire world to intervene and save
all the children to bring Medical Aid
and fuel to the hospitals and to help
bring back all the medical staff that
have had to leave to the South the war
must stop
immediately make sure to subscribe to
our channel to get the latest news from
alzer